Okay, first of all, Yeah, we're going. Okay, the Science Fiction Writers
Association of America, I'm sorry. Science Fiction Writers of America.
Okay, why did you want the job as president? Why did I want the job as
president? I don't know. That's really a hard question to answer. I don't know
why because somebody had to do it because I felt I was the most qualified person
to do it at the time.
Because I've been involved in the organization from the beginning. I've been
vice president. I've been the agreements chairman. And I've always, from time to
time, felt that it was going off and wrong in stupid directions. And finally I
felt that there were a certain number of things that I could get done in this
period, and that this was the time to do it. always felt I would be president of
the things sooner or later. And this just seemed to be the right time to do it.
Jack Williamson had been president, and he had dealt with a lot of internal
bickering and things like that, which I wasn't interested in dealing with at
all. I think one of the flaws of the organization had always been that it was
too inward-looking, and I wanted to see it more outward-looking. So after Jack
had dealt with a good deal of this organizational stuff, it felt it was a good
time for me to come in and change the emphasis. Okay, could you just tell me a
little bit about What kind of things would you be interested in doing or
changing? What I'm interested in, one thing that I'm already halfway through
getting done is to internationalize it. It's to have an overseas region with an
overseas director on our board of directors. Because science fiction writing and
publishing really is an international community. American writers sell their
work all over the world. English writers sell their work here. Foreign language
writers have different problems. We're all dealing with the same publishers. It
certainly is an international literature and it's a spirit of the future and the
spirit of internationalism and so forth. I felt it should be an international
organization. That's one thing. Another thing that I want to do when halfway to
doing is upgrading the Nebula Awards. We have moved it out of the Warwick Hotel.
We're moving it into a much bigger room in the world and trying to make it into
a more significant event than it has been. Again, orienting it towards the world
at large rather than towards the little in group. Another thing that I would
like to do with it is make it act more like a union. it has evolved in that
direction we now have a large and complete grievance committee we do act like a
union in that sense times are getting rough now it's a time when you need a more
militant guilt to science fiction writers than you need in the past few years
and I've tried to orient it a little bit more in that direction too those are
the basic things that I want to do with it the ways I want to see it go okay
listen David wanted me to ask you this. We want to go to World Con. It's going
to be in Denver, we understand, next year. How does one go about registering for
that? Well, I don't know. This is not on the table. No.